Discourage setting QUILT_MANIFEST_MAX_RECORD_SIZE (#2365)
quiltdata/quilt: gendocs/env_constants.md

$ export QUILT_TRANSFER_MAX_CONCURRENCY=20
```
### `QUILT_MANIFEST_MAX_RECORD_SIZE`

> **Setting this variable is strongly discouraged.** Maximum size of a record in
> package manifest. Defaults to `1_000_000`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Maximum size of a record in the package manifest. **Changing this variable is strongly discouraged.** Defaults to `1_000_000`.
```
